justice looks in the neighborhood
why
because of agreements playing for the
miliáres in the neighborhood of rabasa
I know that this was not the best he has
racing
very kind, very good
Y
good vegetables
in radio radio heat the best of
racing 10 years ago easy an excellent
player has to put well and has to
come back because we miss him he does not need
Argentine football totally a
chosen one
and I hope that the references and
the joules companions
and the rivals do not hit him so much
read go out and paste and discriminate
be Colombian
very very nice as it is not signed
of shirt look to see
very well very well now he is injured
but good when we return we expect it and
He is a very good player
I do not give the presses the cock bank
so apart copado forms the shirt as
He is seen here with all the guys racing
narrates that we received it very well and they
the truth is they integrated very well
are they are very good people and
very good players and despite all
those who are there in Colombia and same here
in Argentine soccer keeps a lot the
humility and that is priceless
OK
we grab
do not
why
etc
you want